I trust that I am not more dense than my neighbours, but I was always oppressed with a sense of my
own stupidity in my dealings with Sherlock Holmes. Here I had heard what he had heard, I had seen
what he had seen, and yet from his words it was evident that he saw clearly not only what had
happened but what was about to happen, while to me the whole business was still confused and
grotesque. As I drove home to my house in Kensington I thought over it all, from the extraordinary
story of the red-headed copier of the "Encyclopaedia" down to the visit to Saxe-Coburg Square, and
the ominous words with which he had parted from me. What was this nocturnal expedition, and why
should I go armed?  Where were we going, and what were we to do? I had the hint from Holmes that
this smooth-faced pawnbroker's assistant was a formidable man--a man who might play a deep game. I
tried to puzzle it out, but gave it up in despair and set the matter aside until night should bring
an explanation.

It was a quarter-past nine when I started from home and made my way across the Park, and so through
Oxford Street to Baker Street. Two hansoms were standing at the door, and as I entered the passage I
heard the sound of voices from above. On entering his room I found Holmes in animated conversation
with two men, one of whom I recognised as Peter Jones, the official police agent, while the other
was a long, thin, sad-faced man, with a very shiny hat and oppressively respectable frock-coat.

"Ha! Our party is complete," said Holmes, buttoning up his pea-jacket and taking his heavy hunting
crop from the rack. "Watson, I think you know Mr. Jones, of Scotland Yard? Let me introduce you to
Mr. Merryweather, who is to be our companion in to-night's adventure."

"We're hunting in couples again, Doctor, you see," said Jones in his consequential way. "Our friend
here is a wonderful man for starting a chase. All he wants is an old dog to help him to do the
running down."

"I hope a wild goose may not prove to be the end of our chase," observed Mr. Merryweather gloomily.

"You may place considerable confidence in Mr. Holmes, sir," said the police agent loftily. "He has
his own little methods, which are, if he won't mind my saying so, just a little too theoretical and
fantastic, but he has the makings of a detective in him. It is not too much to say that once or
twice, as in that business of the Sholto murder and the Agra treasure, he has been more nearly
correct than the official force."