"And now a word as to my household, Mr. Holmes, for I wish you to thoroughly understand the
situation. My groom and my page sleep out of the house, and may be set aside altogether. I have
three maid-servants who have been with me a number of years and whose absolute reliability is quite
above suspicion. Another, Lucy Parr, the second waiting-maid, has only been in my service a few
months. She came with an excellent character, however, and has always given me satisfaction. She is
a very pretty girl and has attracted admirers who have occasionally hung about the place. That is
the only drawback which we have found to her, but we believe her to be a thoroughly good girl in
every way.

"So much for the servants. My family itself is so small that it will not take me long to describe
it. I am a widower and have an only son, Arthur. He has been a disappointment to me, Mr. Holmes--a
grievous disappointment. I have no doubt that I am myself to blame. People tell me that I have
spoiled him. Very likely I have. When my dear wife died I felt that he was all I had to love. I
could not bear to see the smile fade even for a moment from his face. I have never denied him a
wish. Perhaps it would have been better for both of us had I been sterner, but I meant it for the
best.

"It was naturally my intention that he should succeed me in my business, but he was not of a
business turn. He was wild, wayward, and, to speak the truth, I could not trust him in the handling
of large sums of money. When he was young he became a member of an aristocratic club, and there,
having charming manners, he was soon the intimate of a number of men with long purses and expensive
habits. He learned to play heavily at cards and to squander money on the turf, until he had again
and again to come to me and implore me to give him an advance upon his allowance, that he might
settle his debts of honour. He tried more than once to break away from the dangerous company which
he was keeping, but each time the influence of his friend, Sir George Burnwell, was enough to draw
him back again.

"And, indeed, I could not wonder that such a man as Sir George Burnwell should gain an influence
over him, for he has frequently brought him to my house, and I have found myself that I could hardly
resist the fascination of his manner. He is older than Arthur, a man of the world to his finger-
tips, one who had been everywhere, seen everything, a brilliant talker, and a man of great personal
beauty. Yet when I think of him in cold blood, far away from the glamour of his presence, I am
convinced from his cynical speech and the look which I have caught in his eyes that he is one who
should be deeply distrusted. So I think, and so, too, thinks my little Mary, who has a woman's quick
insight into character.

"And now there is only she to be described. She is my niece; but when my brother died five years ago
and left her alone in the world I adopted her, and have looked upon her ever since as my daughter.
She is a sunbeam in my house--sweet, loving, beautiful, a wonderful manager and housekeeper, yet as
tender and quiet and gentle as a woman could be. She is my right hand. I do not know what I could do
without her. In only one matter has she ever gone against my wishes. Twice my boy has asked her to
marry him, for he loves her devotedly, but each time she has refused him. I think that if anyone
could have drawn him into the right path it would have been she, and that his marriage might have
changed his whole life; but now, alas! it is too late--forever too late!

"Now, Mr. Holmes, you know the people who live under my roof, and I shall continue with my miserable
story.